hello everyone in this video we are going to open
three chocolate eggs with surprises
an eggs squeeze lemon one surprise
of kindergarten I am summer and a new
surprise of pepa pig we started with the
first egg let's first give the one of
lemon
no more a movie a tea recited very
chula who loses his father to
look for him this is an emo how nice is
this fish is really a clown fish
let's open the egg to see what it has
look
christina a brochure let's see the
others can touch can they touch us
adhesives
with a lot of characters from the
movie and we can play pendants
Look what chelís to see which one is
it has touched us
he has touched us constantly
and it's a pendant of this sea turtle
you have seen the movie of nemo you know
What is the name of this baby turtle?
to expose it in a comment if not
you know
and we are going to open the skin egg now
from today
what will this egg have
kinder summer surprise let's see
if nobody over here
A teaspoon
the chocolate part is the chocolate
lets go see it
It is very delicious and they are two balls of
chocolate the white chocolate that
eat with this spoon of this age
also a child who fears being from here
Now what we 're going to do is see what
surprise has touched us
your writing things of the assets
a lot of visits let's see and it was
of this christ
I will see grandchildren money
we can touch all these surprises
from lozanne vives
and what has touched us is this
of the bird
big red a helmet we have to ride
and throw it over the little pigs that are the
diana twist very cool I'll ride it
here
a little thing that is for
when you throw it then it goes back and forth
circling the beautiful is has
the gallitos
while this we say
with both sides
and here are the flatter ones ok to what
we have to aim if you have points
This has 20 points this with mushrooms that
is 30 and this one with the blue helmet has
15 which tends to which one we give you then
we have more points
and this is the final eels bird that
txemi with the helmet is a chulada me
love and we have to put this here
behind
so when we throw it, it's supposed
It will be like that spinning around
and it will fall on this that we have here
put to see if we give any
here we will do so it was never a part of
the two bridges they let together
about this we would have 20 points very
solids
and let's see the last egg in it
from paper
Look how cool is pep on foot with his
queen crown I understand that also the
Queen's necklace is really cool
from very nice for the pig today
let's see what you have to do at home
enough that we will be open
I bring tight
we can touch all these pins for
our shoes to decorate clothes
or the shoes look like they are all
pepa all the characters in this
zone
nothing
marita from her wings
your Daddy dad is here is decorating
these sandals the pin and the one that has
touched is
it is defined from chevy this paper
who is in his warm clothes with his
hat with your friend your scarves my
boots ready to go on a trip
or to jump from mud puddles to
that is nice and chili's emape daddy
I love myself
and these are the surprises that have
touched which one you liked the most
the sea turtle the game of
androids
or the pin of pepa pig tell me in a
Comment and if you liked this video
do not forget to subscribe to my channel to
see my next videos share it with
your friends so they can too
see on social networks on twitter in
facebook google + or wherever you want the long
little finger up I like it and returns to
visit my channel whenever you want until the
next video you want to see now
click on the image of your character
favorite to go see more videos and
you can also go to my channel to see
all the videos that there are of all the
characters there are many more until the
next